Good instructor, but classes are boring sometimes
I felt that the instructor could’ve done a better job in making the concepts clear
Dull course
A course is fine
Difficult course, great teacher and also able to relate it to the practical knowledge
This course increased my knowledge. Teacher is also very helpful I like this course very very much
Institute should reconsider its policy of fyp’s
Good instructor, a very nice person
The topic is always well explained and the teacher never gets angry for asking too many questions
A good teacher
Lab was difficult because of size of students. Nobody knows what is going on in front portion of the class
Explains easy questions in class and is giving extreme difficult questions in exam
The number of students in class is high due to which teacher faces problem in paying attention to every student
Good effort by teacher. Some concepts are unclear, needs to be explained in more detail
This course is very important for all CS students but the teacher needs to change hear casual behavior(most of our classes started late)
The teacher is not good
I like the course but I don't like the teacher
Not so bad
Good
Ok
Good teacher. I do not have anything negative to say
Fun teacher
Fine teacher
Miss xyz is awesome teacher
Awsome teacher, extremely effective learning, and practice the knowledge learned in the course. Thumbs-up
Great teacher while marking is bit strict
Nice classes
Good teacher and very nice structure
I love the teacher and school
I enjoy most classes
I like the classes
Dedicated teacher and a very nice person
Definetely, the best teacher and school
Nothing to complain
A lovely person
The classes are good
The lecturer. He is excellent
I like the topics and how it is taught
The module id very useful and the teacher is very interesting
Lectures are very clear and useful to understand the difficult contents  of the module
No one can teach this module better!
Although the module content is very difficult for me when I read the books, the  teacher  made  it  easy  to  understand.
Lecturing style is enganging
The lectures are really interesting
Detailed explanations and clarity
The teacher is excellent, it is the only module that I can’t even consider missing
The  lectures  are  fairly  easy  to understand,  probably  due  to  the  teacher’s method of presentation
Enthusiastic teacher
Teacher tries best to be available to students. Teaching style is not boring
The lecturer is light hearted, makes you feel comfortable
I like the classes. Although difficult, I saw it as challenging and mostly interesting